Derivatives, Structuring and Marketing

NOMURA

OTC Swap Transaction

Linked to SPX Index, HSCEI Index, NKY Index

Korea Equity Derivatives                                                                      Nomura Financial Investment (Korea) Co., Ltd.
Email: KoreaEquityDerivativesSales AS@nomura.com                                17th Fl., Seoul Finance Center, 84 Taepyeongno 1-ga,
Tel: +82 2 3783 2230                                                                                             Jung-gu,Seoul 100-768, Korea

Summary of final terms and conditions as of 21-Aug-2019

This document is for discussion purposes only. All terms and conditions contained herein are subject to and will be superseded by final documentation. This
document is confidential and must not be distributed to any person not involved in the proposed transaction without the consent of Nomura Financial
Investment (Korea) Co., Ltd.

DISCLAIMER

This document is distributed within South Korea by Nomura Financial Investment (Korea) Co., Ltd.
(“NFIK”), and is confidential and for your private information only. This term sheet is for discussion
purposes and contains indicative terms only. None of NFIK or its affiliates (including, but not limited to,
Nomura International ple (“NIP”) and Nomura Global Financial Products Inc. (““NGFP”)) will be legally
bound until NFIK or such affiliate agrees to enter into a transaction with you subject to material terms, which
shall be set out in agreed documentation. Any information contained herein is based on sources we consider
to be reliable, however, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made as to its
accuracy, completeness or suitability, and no responsibility nor liability is accepted by any of the affiliates or
subsidiaries of the Nomura Group (as defined below), nor their respective directors, officers or employees, for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss (including, without limitation, loss of profit or opportunity) arising
from any actions or inactions taken in reliance on the information or other content of this term sheet. If the
transaction described includes leverage, embedded options, forwards or futures, the exchange of currencies,
or other structural elements, the value of the transaction, and your exposure, could change more quickly, more
frequently or by a greater magnitude (or all three) relative to other derivative transactions or cash market
instruments. Generally, all over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivative transactions involve the risk of adverse or
unanticipated market developments, risk of counterparty default, risk of illiquidity and other risks and may
involve the risk of loss due to default or potential default by the issuer of obligations or securities. In certain
transactions, counterparties may lose their entire stake or incur an unlimited loss. Nomura Holdings, Inc.
together with its affiliates or subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers or employees (collectively
the “Nomura Group”), may from time to time perform investment banking or other services (including acting
as advisor, manager or lender), or may have a position or act as market maker, for/in connection with the
issuers of securities in companies mentioned herein or in derivatives or related investments thereof. NFIK is
authorised and regulated by the Korean Financial Services Commission and is a member of the KRX. NIP is
authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority ("FSA") and is a member of the London Stock
Exchange. This term sheet is provided on the basis that you have the capability to make your own
independent evaluation of the financial, market, legal, regulatory, credit, tax and accounting risks and
consequences involved in the described transaction and its suitability for your purposes. This term sheet
should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to sell or purchase any securities or as giving any
investment advice. None of NFIK or its affiliates is your designated investment adviser. You should refrain
from entering into any transaction unless you fully understand all the risks involved and you have
independently determined that the investment is suitable for you. If you are in doubt as to any aspect of this
document, you should consult a stockbroker or another licensed securities dealer, a bank manager, a solicitor,
an accountant or other professional advisers. No part of this term sheet may be (1) copied, photocopied, or
duplicated in any form, by any means, or (ii) redistributed without the prior written consent of NFIK. Further
information on any of the securities or content mentioned herein may be obtained upon request. If this
document has been distributed by electronic transmission, such as e-mail, then such transmission cannot be
guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive
late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or
