~

끼 KX              더

이 Merrill Lynch
Equity Structured
Solutions

2" Interim Termination
Condition:

2" Interim Termination
Amount that is going to be
paid by Equity Amount
Payer if 2" Interim
Termination Condition is
satisfied:

Cash Settlement Payment
Date:
Adjustment Provisions:

Exchange:

Business Days:

Business Day Convention:
Cash Settlement:
Calculation Agent:

Inconvertibility,
Non-Transferability and
other Disruption Events :

Automatic Callable Swap Linked to the Performance of NIKKEI225
Index, HSCEI Index, S&P500 Index and the EURO STOXX 50 Index
Final Terms & Conditions as of April 24, 2019

Proprietary & Confidential

If on 2" Knock-out Determination Date, 2" Interim Knock-in (Trigger) Event has not occurred
on or prior to 2"' Knock-out Determination Date and Early Termination has not occurred on or
prior to 2™ Knock-out Determination Date, then the swap is deemed to be early terminated.

If the 2™ Interim Termination Condition is met :

On 2™ Knock-out Determination Date, Notional Amount x 3.210%

Converted to US Dollars at FXm

4 Business Days after the relevant Knock-Out Determination Day

Adjustment language will be included in the terms of the documentation so that appropriate
adjustments are made to take account of any corporate events (rights issues, share splits, etc)
market disruption events affecting the Index, and any external events affecting Equity Amount
Payer’s hedging costs or ability to hedge.

Tokyo Stock Exchange , Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, New York Stock Exchange ,
NASDAQ and EUREX

New York and Seoul

Following
Applicable
MLI

Following the occurrence of any currency or capital control event in Korea or any change of
laws or regulations in Korea (as more particularly defined as “Disruption Events” in the
Confirmation) which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, will affect Equity Amount
Payer’s ability to hedge or perform its obligations under this Transaction, Equity Amount Payer
may in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner:

Re-designate the Termination Date; and/or

Re-designate the mode, time or currency of settlement of this Transaction (or part thereof);
and/or

This information is for your private information and is for discussion purposes only. We are not soliciting any action based upon it. We are
acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length counterparty and not in the capacity of your financial adviser or fiduciary. We or our affiliates
may buy or sell instruments identical or economically related to any instruments mentioned here. We or our affiliates may have an investment
banking or other commercial relationship with the issuer of any security or financial instrument mentioned here or related thereto. Generally, all
over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivative transactions involve the risk of adverse or unanticipated market developments, risk of illiquidity and other
risks. A variety of market factors and assumptions may affect any scenario analysis set out herein, and any such analysis does not reflect all
possible loss scenarios. There is no certainty that the parameters and assumptions used in any such analysis can be duplicated with actual trades.
Unless specifically stated otherwise, any prices mentioned here are not bids or offers by MLI to purchase or sell any securities or financial
instruments. Prior to undertaking any trade, you should discuss with your professional tax or other adviser how such particular trade(s) affect
you. Options are not suitable for all investors. Option buyers may lose their entire investment. Option sellers may have an unlimited loss.

THIS BRIEF STATEMENT DOES NOT DISCLOSE ALL OF THE RISKS AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT ASPECTS OF ENTERING INTO ANY
PARTICULAR TRANSACTION.
