.                   Automatic Callable Swap Linked to the Performance of NIKKEI225
16011 17001 [ydex, HSCEI Index, S&P500 Index and the EURO STOXX 50 Index

eilameuwencemmm Final Terms & Conditions as of April 24, 2019

Solutions

Equity Amount Payer
Payment on Final Payment
Date (subject to Early
Termination):

Proprietary & Confidential

“FXm” means the KRW/USD Exchange Rate on two Business Day after the relevant
Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent.

“KRW/USD Exchange Rate” means the market average rate as displayed on Reuters Screen
KFTC18 Page (the “Reference Page”) as at 3:10 p.m. Seoul time on such day, or any successor
Reference Page as determined by the Calculation Agent at the relevant date, provided that:

if no successor page is available, or

to the extent that (1) a Disruption Event (as defined in the Confirmation relating to this
Transaction) has occurred and is continuing on the Termination Date, or (2) the Calculation
Agent determines that the page does not reflect the current tradable exchange rate used by
market participants not resident in Korea,

then the KRW/USD Exchange Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent taking into
consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant.

If the WOPerformance on the Final Knock-Out Determination Date is equal to or greater than
65%, then

Equity Notional Amount * 9.630% converted to US dollars at Fxm
Where:

WOPerformance              =              Min              (NKY_ Performance,             HSCEI Performance,
S&P500_ Performance , SXSE_ Performance);

NKY_ Performance = NKYf/NKYo,

HSCEI Performance = HSCEH/HSCEIo,

S&P500_ Performance = S&P500f/S&P5000;

SXSE_ Performance = SX5Ef/SX5Eo;
NKYf is the official closing level of NKY on the relevant Knock-out Determination Day;
NKYo is the official closing level of NKY on the Initial Valuation date, being 22,200.00;

HSCEIf is the official closing level of HSCEI on the relevant Knock-out Determination
Date;

HSCEIo is the official closing level of HSCEI on the Initial Valuation date, being 11,663.78;

S&P500f is the official closing level of S&P500 on the relevant Knock-out Determination
Day;

S&P5000 is the official closing level of S&P500 on the Initial Valuation date, being
2,927.25;

SXS5Ef is the official closing level of SXSE on the relevant Knock-out Determination Day;
SX5Eo is the official closing level of SX5E on the Initial Valuation date, being 3,502.63;

This information is for your private information and is for discussion purposes only. We are not soliciting any action based upon it. We are
acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length counterparty and not in the capacity of your financial adviser or fiduciary. We or our affiliates
may buy or sell instruments identical or economically related to any instruments mentioned here. We or our affiliates may have an investment
banking or other commercial relationship with the issuer of any security or financial instrument mentioned here or related thereto. Generally, all
over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivative transactions involve the risk of adverse or unanticipated market developments, risk of illiquidity and other
risks. A variety of market factors and assumptions may affect any scenario analysis set out herein, and any such analysis does not reflect all
possible loss scenarios. There is no certainty that the parameters and assumptions used in any such analysis can be duplicated with actual trades.
Unless specifically stated otherwise, any prices mentioned here are not bids or offers by MLI to purchase or sell any securities or financial
instruments. Prior to undertaking any trade, you should discuss with your professional tax or other adviser how such particular trade(s) affect
you. Options are not suitable for all investors. Option buyers may lose their entire investment. Option sellers may have an unlimited loss.

THIS BRIEF STATEMENT DOES NOT DISCLOSE ALL OF THE RISKS AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT ASPECTS OF ENTERING INTO ANY

PARTICULAR TRANSACTION.
