.                   Automatic Callable Swap Linked to the Performance of NIKKEI225
(91001 [dex, HSCEI Index, S&P500 Index and the EURO STOXX 50 Index

eieseencemmms § Fina] Terms & Conditions as of April 24, 2019
Solutions                Proprietary & Confidential

Require Floating Amount payer, in the case of shares or other securities being delivered by
Equity Amount Payer for the purposes of satisfying its obligations at settlement, to pay all costs,
fees and reasonable expenses incurred by Equity Amount payer in respect of such delivery;

In accordance with detailed provisions of the Confirmation relating to this Transaction (see
“Documentation” below).

Documentation:                       ISDA Master Agreement and Transaction Confirmation (which will incorporate the ISDA 2002
Equity Derivatives Definitions and the 2006 ISDA Definitions)
Floating Amount Leg:             KRW-CD-KSDA-Bloomberg. plus 0.10%.

For this purpose, “KRW-CD-KSDA-Bloomberg” means

that the rate for a Reset Date will be the Korean bond rate for 91 day certificate of deposit
published by the Korean Securities Dealers Association which appears on Bloomberg
Screen KSDA4 Page under the heading "15:30 Value" as of 3:30 p.m. Seoul time, on the
day that is one Seoul Business Day preceding that Reset Date. If any of such rate does not
appear on the Bloomberg Screen KSDA4 Page by 4:30 p.m. Seoul time on that day, the rate
for that Reset Date will be the Korean bond rate for 91 day certificate of deposit published
by the Korean Securities Dealers Association which appears on Check Screen Page 3220
under the caption "TODAY 15:30" as of 4:30 p.m. Seoul time on that day. If such rate does
not appear on the Check Screen Page 3220 by 4:30 p.m. Seoul time on that day, the rate for
that Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the secondary market final closing rates for
91 day CDs quoted by the Reference Dealers as of 4:30 p.m. Seoul time on the day that is
one Seoul Business Day preceding that Reset Date, as set out below.

Floating Rate

The Calculation Agent will request the Seoul office of each of the Reference Dealers to
provide a quotation of its rate. If at least four quotations are provided, the rate for that
Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than four quotations are
provided as requested, the rate for that Reset Date will be determined by the Calculation

Agent

Floating Rate Day Count         Actual/365 (Fixed)

Fraction

Floating Amount                    An amount equal to the product of (i) the Floating Rate (ii) Actual/365 (Fixed) and (iii)
Notional Amount divided by (1) FX; "FX," means the KRW/USD Exchange Rate
on two Business Days before the Relevant Floating Amount Payer Payment Date as determined
by the Calculation Agent.

Reset Dates                            First day of the Calculation Period

Floating Amount Payer           On every January 30, April 30, July 30 and October 30 starting on July 30, 2019 and ending on

Payment Date                        the Termination Date. (all subject to the Business Day Convention) provided that if the

Knock-out Event occurs, the last Floating Amount Payer Payment Date is deemed to be the
Cash Settlement Payment Date relating to the Knock-out Valuation Date and in the event that a
Disrupted Day occurs on the Scheduled Valuation Date immediately prior to the Cash
Settlement Payment Date, the relevant Floating Amount Payer Payment Date immediately after
such Scheduled Valuation Date is deemed to be the Cash Settlement Payment Date.

Business Day Convention         Following

Calculation Period                 As defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions.

This information is for your private information and is for discussion purposes only. We are not soliciting any action based upon it. We are
acting solely in the capacity of an arm’s length counterparty and not in the capacity of your financial adviser or fiduciary. We or our affiliates
may buy or sell instruments identical or economically related to any instruments mentioned here. We or our affiliates may have an investment
banking or other commercial relationship with the issuer of any security or financial instrument mentioned here or related thereto. Generally, all
over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivative transactions involve the risk of adverse or unanticipated market developments, risk of illiquidity and other
risks. A variety of market factors and assumptions may affect any scenario analysis set out herein, and any such analysis does not reflect all
possible loss scenarios. There is no certainty that the parameters and assumptions used in any such analysis can be duplicated with actual trades.
Unless specifically stated otherwise, any prices mentioned here are not bids or offers by MLI to purchase or sell any securities or financial
instruments. Prior to undertaking any trade, you should discuss with your professional tax or other adviser how such particular trade(s) affect
you. Options are not suitable for all investors. Option buyers may lose their entire investment. Option sellers may have an unlimited loss.

THIS BRIEF STATEMENT DOES NOT DISCLOSE ALL OF THE RISKS AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT ASPECTS OF ENTERING INTO ANY
PARTICULAR TRANSACTION.
